BRIDGE FOUNDRY, INC.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
MEETING MINUTES

May 23, 2022

Board Members Present: Sarah Allen and Melissa Xie

Guests Present: Desi McAdam

This special meeting of the Bridge Foundry Board of Directors was called by the Chair, Sarah Allen, and held on Monday, May 23, at 10:30 a.m. ET / 7:30 a.m. PT, having quorum with two thirds majority participating through an online video conference with live audio and screen-sharing.

Board member and Secretary, Isa Herico, has been unable to be reached for several months.  In order to proceed efficiently with business of the corporation, we resolve that Isa will be considered to be on personal leave and temporarily not included as a member of the Board of Directors with regard to requirements for quorum. She will remain part of board communications and at such time as she is able may resume her duties as Board member, which shall be noted in the minutes at the subsequent Board of Directors meeting.

Sarah Allen shall assume the role of Secretary.

Melissa Xie, motioned for Sarah to assume office of Secretary.  The motion was duly seconded and passed unanimously.

Sarah Allen, Chair, motioned to appoint Desi McAdam to join the Bridge Foundry Board of Directors and hold the office of Chair.  The motion was duly seconded and passed unanimously.

These minutes were reviewed and accepted by board members, Sarah Allen and Melissa Xie.

There being no further business, the meeting was adjourned at 11:15 a.m. ET / 8:15 a.m. PT.


Respectfully submitted,


s/ Sarah Allen
___________________
Recording Secretary

